Add unitary and orthogonal manifolds and Lie groups (#499)
JuliaManifolds/Manifolds.jl: docs/src/manifolds/group.md

Order = [:type, :function]
```

### Circle group

```@autodocs
Modules = [Manifolds]
Pages = ["groups/circle_group.jl"]
Order = [:type, :function]
```

### General linear group

```@autodocs
Modules = [Manifolds]
Pages = ["groups/general_linear.jl"]
Order = [:type, :function]
```

### Heisenberg group

```@autodocs
Modules = [Manifolds]
Pages = ["groups/heisenberg.jl"]
Order = [:type,:function]
```

### (Special) Orthogonal and (Special) Unitary group

Since the orthogonal, unitary and special orthogonal and special unitary groups share

> quite some common functions, these are also implemented on a common level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
many common functions, these are also implemented on a common level.
```
